Docs & config update - Closes #655 (#658)
LiskHQ/lisk-service: docs/build_from_source.md

> In order to run them successfully, they need to have the template component running alongside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run them successfully, it is necessary to have the template component running alongside.
```

```bash
cd service/template
node app.js
```

When the template micro-service and the gateway are running, it is possible to run the functional tests from the `tests/` directory:

```bash
cd tests
npm run test:functional
```

### Integration tests

Integration tests work in a similar manner to functional tests. In this case the real blockchain data coming from a custom test blockchain is used. Please ensure that Lisk Core and all microservices are running.

> To run Lisk Core with custom blockchain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run Lisk Core with a custom blockchain:
```

```bash
cd jenkins/lisk-core
make up
```

To run Lisk Service with PM2
```bash
pm2 start ecosystem.core3.config.js
```

> To run instegration tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the integration tests:
```
